---
headline: Journal Activated. (and Happy New Year!)
started-writing: 2023-12-31 16:23
publish-date: 2023-12-31T16:23:00
tags:
  - memo
version: 1.0.0
ZID: 20231231162336
---
Let's pop the hood and dive into the guts of what's powering this blog. It's a bit like rigging an old school Chevy with some brand new `reference engine`. Inspired by a fellow tinkerer, Matthias[^1], I've turned my blog into a machine that marry's raw simplicity of Obsidian with the power of GitHub.

The process is intriguing yet simple: I write in Obsidian, which syncs seamlessly with GitHub. GitHub then acts as a dynamic repository, storing my markdown files and versions. This setup is more than managing a blog; it's a comprehensive approach to digital content creation, backed by powerful tools.

What sets my approach apart is the emphasis on experimentation. Each aspect of my blog, from layout changes to incorporating new technologies, is an opportunity to learn and grow. I view my website not just as a platform for sharing thoughts but as a living lab, where I can test new ideas and concepts in real-time.

You may have noticed that my blog posts feature versions next to their titles. This is part of my initiative to treat blog posts like evolving pieces of software, complete with a revision history. The idea is to transform each post into an organic, living entity on the internet, constantly growing and adapting over time.

If you are intrigued by the idea of using Obsidian as a CMS, dive deeper into the concept by reading Matthias' blog post, which is the inspiration for my current setup. It's a great resource for anyone looking to combine the organizational prowess of Obsidian with the robustness of GitHub in their digital ventures.

--- 
#### Version History 
- Version 1.0.0 - `Initial version`
### Footnotes

[^1]: Link: [Revisiting Obsidian as a CMS by Matthias](https://iammatthias.com/post/1699332127006)