---
headline: Big in Japan
started-writing: 2024-05-09 14:48
publish-date: 2024-05-09T16:07:00
tags:
  - memo
version: 1.0.0
ZID: 20240509144837
---
I’m sitting here at the airport and metabolizing my experience in Japan. I cannot help but be engulfed by gratitude, and a sense of transformation. From the streets of Tokyo to the landscapes of Kaga, every moment has underscored the power of collective solidarity among artists, transcending the competitive ethos ingrained in  capitalist art industry.

Fusion[^1] brought together 14 artists from diverse corners of the globe, each with their own unique perspective. Amidst this diversity, a palpable sense of camaraderie emerged -- a recognition that our talents were not in competition but in collaboration, each enhancing the other. As we exchanged ideas, I realized that true innovation arises from collective synergy, not isolation. Our bond represented a radical departure from the individualistic ethos often dominating the American (or at least New York) art industry.

In a world where R & R are seen as luxuries, our rebellion also manifested in the simple act of taking time for ourselves, of nurturing our spirits and feeding our souls. This was a defiance against the hustle culture glorified by the industry. In Kaga, Ishikawa I witnessed firsthand the art of slowing down, cherishing moments of stillness and introspection -- A crucial reminder of the importance of mental well-being in the pursuit of excellence.

The sense of community and shared purpose in Japan felt profoundly enriching when comparing it to the individualistic landscape of the American art industry. But perhaps what has struck me most during my time in Japan is the serendipity of it all. From chance encounters with fellow enthusiasts of @devonojas[^2] speakers which lead me to a bring-your-own-record listening session at Massif[^3] where they had tables I had previously only dreamt about, and then later that night meeting the designer himself[^4]. Each moment has felt like a stroke of luck, a reminder of the beauty and unpredictability of life.

So as I board my flight back to Brooklyn, I carry with me not only memories of a transformative experience but also a renewed sense of purpose and gratitude. For in the embrace of solidarity, in the rebellion of rest, and in the fusion(pun) of art and life, I have found a home, not just in Japan, but within myself.  

Stay tuned for an upcoming zine capturing this experience. I'll also be announcing the publication of interviews conducted with the artists during this residency on the Fusion website and YouTube. 

#### Version History 
- [Version 1.0.0](link-to-Zettelkasten IDs) - `Initial version`
# Footnotes

[^1]: Site: [fusionart.world](https://fusionart.world/)
[^2]: Instagram: [Devon Turnbull on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/devonojas)
[^3]: Location: [Massif in Tokyo](https://www.massif.tokyo/)
[^4]: Designer: [DDAA / DDAA LAB & Daisuke Motogi](http://dskmtg.com/about/index.html)