---
headline: 35 Things
started-writing: 2024-03-28 11:00
publish-date: 2024-03-28 16:20
tags:
  - memo
version: 1.0.0
ZID: 20240328110003
---
I once had a plan to do this at 27, kicked the idea around again at the thirty, and gave it another fleeting glance at 33. But life had other plans. Looked through a bunch of my notes from this past year. Put together my mantras, my bullets, if you will. Inspired by the disciplined creativity of 10 Bullets. by Tom Sachs[^1] and a dash of "A blog post is a very long and complex search query to find fascinating people and make them route interesting stuff to your inbox."[^2]

Here's to the 35 chapters I've somehow survived, thrived, and occasionally just barely skimmed through in this narrative of life.

1. Let go and move forward — Forgiveness opens doors to new beginnings.
2. Capture life's fleeting moments — Every detail and memory is precious. You have a magic computer in your pocket. Use it to capture video, photo, audio, text.
3. Embrace change as a constant — Flexibility is key in navigating life's twists and turns.
4. Dress with purpose — Clothes can set the tone for your entire day.
5. Assess and refine your impact — Regularly evaluate the information and vibes you consume.
6. Seek quiet moments to process life — Quiet moments allow for deeper reflection and understanding.
7. Cleanse your life in segments — Address different areas of your life one at a time for clarity.
8. Stay grounded in the present — The only moment you can control is now.
9. Host the gatherings you wish to attend — Be the initiator of the social life you desire.
10. Recognize the cost of convenience — Genuine value often requires effort and investment.
11. Radiate positivity to those around you — Your aura influences your environment.
12. Engage in physical activity — Movement is essential for both mind and body.
13. Communicate with clarity and intention — Express yourself thoughtfully and purposefully.
14. Cultivate gratitude daily — Appreciating the little things enriches your experience.
15. Reconnect with yourself through daily reflection — A journal is a mirror.
16. Master the rules, then cleverly navigate them — Understand the norms before you bend them.
17. Stroll to digest — Walking is the tits. Having a dog helps with this. (bars)
18. Embrace personal development with kindness — Approach big changes with compassion.
19. Overcome creative blocks methodically — Progress often begins by taking small, deliberate actions to dismantle barriers.
20. Be a gracious host to yourself — Treat yourself with the kindness you would offer to a dear friend.
21. Live authentically for your own approval — True satisfaction comes from self-approval, not others'.
22. Proceed as though surrounded by admiration — Confidence attracts positive energy from others.
23. Light an incense for your return — Make your space a welcoming refuge for yourself.
24. Subtlety defines true grace — Elegance is more about how you act than how you appear.
25. Find joy in simplicity — Happiness often resides in life's ordinary moments.
26. Accept rather than fight — Resistance often causes more distress than the situation itself.
27. Show gratitude through your eyes — Eye contact can convey appreciation and connection.
28. Welcome what serves you, shield yourself from what doesn't — Protect your energy by choosing what you allow into your life.
29. Celebrate the successes of those around you — Uplift and support your community.
30. Lead with intention, not impulse — Setting intentions steers your actions toward your goals.
31. Approach life with levity — A sense of humor makes the journey more enjoyable.
32. Embrace your oddities; they're your unique signatures — What makes you different is what makes you memorable.
33. Invest in relationships, not transactions — Lasting connections are more valuable than fleeting exchanges.
34. Reflection is the key to growth; look inward regularly — Regular self-reflection can illuminate paths forward and deepen self-understanding.
35. Boundaries are vital; they protect your energy and focus — Knowing and maintaining your limits preserves your well-being and respects others.

These are the principles that have guided me, changed me, and helped me grow as I've moved from one milestone to the next.
**

--- 
#### Version History 
- Version 1.0.0 - `Initial version`

---
# Footnotes

[^1]: Video: [10 Bullets. By Tom Sachs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49p1JVLHUos)
[^2]: Link: [A blog post is a very long and complex search query to find fascinating people and make them route interesting stuff to your inbox](https://www.henrikkarlsson.xyz/p/search-query)